Making docs a bit more visible (#152)
elastic/terraform-provider-ec: README.md

}
```

> Full resource documentation can be [found here](https://github.com/elastic/terraform-provider-ec/tree/master/docs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the full resource documentation in the [terraform-provider-ec/docs/](https://github.com/elastic/terraform-provider-ec/tree/master/docs) repo.
```
